welcome back to movietella
this time i'm gonna treat you to an
all-star cast 2013 apocalyptic comedy
film called this is the end
j baruchel arrives in los angeles to
visit old friend and fellow canadian
actor seth rogen who invites him to a
housewarming party hosted by james
franco
there jay is uncomfortable at the
crowded party so seth accompanies him to
a convenience store where beams of blue
light suddenly come down and suck
numerous people into the sky prompting
seth and jay to flee back to james's
house
an earthquake then strikes and the crowd
rushes outside witnessing a sinkhole
opening up in james's yard
several celebrities are killed as seth
jay james jonah hill and craig robinson
run back inside the house where jay
tells the remaining partygoers that the
earthquake has destroyed most of los
angeles
they then take inventory of their
supplies set up a ration system board up
the house and await help
the next morning danny mcbride who
crashed the party and fell asleep wakes
up first and wastes most of the group's
food and water due to his ignorance of
the crisis
he disbelieves what the others tell him
of the previous night's events until a
man outside is decapitated by an unseen
creature
tensions rise due to various conflicts
including jay and seth's growing
estrangement and the other skepticism of
jay's belief that the disaster might be
the apocalypse predicted in the book of
revelation
emma watson makes her way back to
james's house but due to a
misunderstanding she believes the group
is planning to rape her and leaves with
the group's remaining drinks
craig goes for water stored in james's
cellar but he encounters an unknown
being causing him to believe jay's
theory
jay and seth dig through the floor and
find water but danny wastes most of it
out of spite and the others
excommunicate him
before leaving danny reveals that jay
was in town two months prior but stayed
at a hotel instead of with seth because
of their strained friendship
that night jonah prays for jay to die
and is possessed by a demon
seth and james are attacked by the
possessed jonah but jay and craig subdue
jonah and tie him up
during an exorcism attempt jay and seth
fight and knock over a candle starting a
fire that engulfs jonah and the house
and forces the others outside
james suggests driving to his home in
malibu california but finds his car
guarded by a demon
craig volunteers to sacrifice himself
and is raptured into heaven when the
plan succeeds the others realize they
can save themselves by performing a
selfless act
on the way to malibu the three encounter
cannibals led by dany and his [ __ ]
channing tatum
when james volunteers to sacrifice
himself a bluebeam begins to pull him to
heaven but when he taunt and insults
dany the beam vanishes and dany and the
other cannibals eat james alive while
seth and jay escape and encounter satan
jay apologizes to seth for his
wrongdoings while satan attempts to eat
them
a beam strikes jay and he begins to
ascend while seth does not
jay grabs seth's hand but his presence
prevents them from ascending into heaven
seth forces jay to leave him behind
whereupon another beam appears around
seth
the pair finally arrive in heaven where
they are reunited with craig who tells
them that any wish comes true
after jay wishes for the backstreet boys
the band performs everybody as everyone
in heaven dances
if you enjoyed this video please like
and subscribe